Update architecture guide (#4778)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/architecture/frontend_custom_strategies.md

The Magento [Admin](https://glossary.magento.com/admin) Pattern library is built on the Less preprocessor and implemented as a [module](https://glossary.magento.com/module). You can download a free, current version of this module from [Magento Marketplace](https://marketplace.magento.com/).

See [Magento Admin Pattern Library][] for more information on using this library.

### Storefront customization levels

> These four levels of potential storefront customization are listed in order to increase complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These four levels of potential storefront customization are listed in order of increasing complexity.
```

#### Extend Magento-Provided CSS

> Magento supplies a default {% glossarytooltip d2093e4a-2b71-48a3-99b7-b32af7158019 %}theme{% endglossarytooltip %} and a Less-based CSS. You can substantially change a storefront using CSS only. This uncomplicated strategy might suit projects with a limited budget, or might interest developers who create different skins for a site. A small business enter this process of storefront customization by buying a third-party developed theme from Magento Marketplace to extend the default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento supplies a default {% glossarytooltip d2093e4a-2b71-48a3-99b7-b32af7158019 %}theme{% endglossarytooltip %} with Less-based CSS. You can substantially change a storefront using CSS only. This uncomplicated strategy might suit projects with a limited budget, or might interest developers who create different skins for a site. A small business can use this process of storefront customization by buying a third-party developed theme from Magento Marketplace to extend the default values.
```

#### Replace PHTML template files

> In addition to extending the default CSS, you can generate different HTML {% glossarytooltip 8f407f13-4350-449b-9dc5-217dcf01bc42 %}markup{% endglossarytooltip %}. For example, you might need to add a missing CSS class name, or an add an extra `<div>` tag to achieve some visual effect. You might also need to tweak some {% glossarytooltip 312b4baf-15f7-4968-944e-c814d53de218 %}JavaScript{% endglossarytooltip %} to cope with different HTML markup. This change is more demanding than simply extending Magento CSS, but is still within the grasp of smaller projects and leaner teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to extending the default CSS, you can generate different HTML {% glossarytooltip 8f407f13-4350-449b-9dc5-217dcf01bc42 %}markup{% endglossarytooltip %}. For example, you might need to add a missing CSS class name, or add an extra `<div>` tag to achieve some visual effect. You might also need to tweak some {% glossarytooltip 312b4baf-15f7-4968-944e-c814d53de218 %}JavaScript{% endglossarytooltip %} to cope with different HTML markup. This change is more demanding than simply extending Magento CSS, but is still within the grasp of smaller projects and leaner teams.
```

#### Replace Magento-Provided CSS

Rather than edit the default CSS provided by Magento, you might decide to replace all the default storefront CSS code with your own. This strategy avoids tying a project to the Magento-provided CSS, but puts a greater burden on project development and integration. It also allows use of different CSS tools or technologies not provided with Magento. Partners who build their own set of CSS libraries could reuse these libraries on different customer projects. (These unique CSS libraries may help differentiate a partner from others in the market.)

In addition to replacing CSS files, you might need to replace small amounts of HTML and JavaScript.

#### Replace Magento-Provided CSS, HTML, and JavaScript

> Delivering a sharply different shopping experience than the default Magento installation provides is a more substantial task. However, the tradeoff might be a more complicated experience integrating additional extensions into your installation in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delivering a sharply different shopping experience than the default Magento installation provides is a more substantial task. However, the trade-off might be a more complicated experience that requires integrating additional extensions into your installation in the future.
```
